Project Title: Project Envy

Motivation: We wanted to make a financial application for our software engineering class that tracked user spending and used a user set weekly budget. From there we want to provide basic budget analysis along with other minor financial tools like a loan calculator. 

Contributors: Robert Carr, Jaedyn Brown, Michael Stokes

Features:
Login Page: This page lets the user sign in to the application or create an account.
Home Page: This page is shown after logging in that displays some information, such as calculated available spending, brief summary of available funds, and gives access to the rest of the tabs for the app.
Report Screen (Comparisons to previous months): Show the user graphs based on monthly/weekly reports of their spending. Also allow users to see current weekly income/loss averages.
Input Screen: A page that allows the user to update and record spending of user defined categories.
Budget Categories: Allow users to divide expenses into categories (i.e., food, mortgage).
Prioritization & Streamlining: Users can set priorities for each category, and when budgeting from a goal, our application gives budgeting options based on prioritization and expense frequency to help the user decide what to cut costs on. 
Reminders/Alerts (push notifications): Daily reminders of calculated available spending for the day, and alerts for when you are over budget in a defined category.
Account Screen: Allow the user to update their password.
Widget: Users can add a widget to their device’s home screen to see a quick glance at their current budget for the remaining week or month.
Database: A place to store all the user’s information.
Actual purchase price: When a user wants to buy something like a house, we can let the user know what they will pay when interest is included.
Budget objectives: The user can set objectives for buying a house, a car, paying off student loans, etc. Using the actual purchase price described above the user can get a more accurate idea of what they will actually be paying for that budget goal when things like interest over long term payments is included. We can factor in compulsive spending and determine the effect on the user’s budget objectives.


MIT © Robert Carr, Jaedyn Brown, Michael Stokes
